Kathy Daniels
404887687
Assignment 8
Homework
--------------

1.

If other teams really had been observing all the bytes going across
the network, the resulting network would still be secure. This is 
because secure shell (SSH) is encrypted and operates securely, meaning
that data going across the network is protected and may only be
decrypted and accessed by the server or client. 

(1)

The network would still remain secure even if other teams had also
tapped our keyboards after completing the client-server setup
since we successfully accomplished password-free authentication,
preventing other teams from obtaining the keystrokes to our passwords.

However, had we not accomplished password-free access using our public
and private keys, we would have had to type our passwords each time,
thereby giving other teams access to our password keystrokes!

(2) 

The network would no longer be secure if other teams had temporary
physical control of the USB since they could obtain access to the
.ssh file we created, therefore revealing our private key. If they
were to access this information, they would then be able to log onto
the server (assuming password-free authentication is still enabled).

--------------

2.

The gpg2 --verify command doesn't really verify that I personally
created the file in question because it only compares the file
with a detached signature to see if they match. This becomes a
serious problem if an attacker manages to create a separate detached
signature after tampering with private data. In this case, the
verify command would then still verify that the file and
signature match, but not WHO signed the files.

To fix this issue, a third party could be utilized. Certificate
Authority (CA) issues digital certificates that cerify the
ownership of a public key by the specific named subject of the
certificate. Therefore, if I were to supply them with my public key,
they would be able to verify signatures concerning the private key
that corresponds to the certified public key.
